Are you interested in joining a content creator community where there's six people that work
together for a year with the sole intention of becoming better content creators?
Hi, I'm Abby Dave and in this video that's exactly what we're getting into.
It's currently the 9th of December, it's 7.30 in the morning and I've just realised that
there's an application for this exclusive community that I can join if I apply for it
and I'm selected.
Now this application has to be done by tomorrow, the 10th of December and not only do I have
to do the application, I actually have to figure out what it is that they're looking
for.
So let's get recording and the first place we're going to start is with my Ecamm project
management tool and I'm just going to come in and create a new project called 83 and
I'm creating a new and I'm currently creating a new project called B83 and I'm creating
and I'm currently creating a new Ecamm application right here and we're going to click on it
and have a look at the videos that I've been recording this morning while, so I've just
come over to my FlyHub VibeCoded application where I've set up a new project for Ecamm
Live.
Now before I got here I'd done a bunch of recordings that weren't going to work.
Now before I got here I did this, now before I got here I did this bunch of recordings.

Now we don't currently have any recordings but we do have our tool where we can take
the last recording we did one minute ago, rename it, discard everything else and at
the same time hopefully see our intro ready for editing.

while ultimately being put back on the transcript backlog as the next video to transcribe.

And this is my hub for where I get my transcripts happening
So the video we were just watching just got is being transcribed and I come back to the incoming and I've also got the second
Part of the intro so we might just rename that and have a look at it coming through to the system straight away

While ultimately being put back on the transcript backlog as the next
video to transcribe. And this is my hub for where I get my transcripts happening. So the video we were just watching just got is being transcribed and we'll come back to the incoming. And I've also got the second part of the intro so we might just rename that and have a look at it coming through to the system straight away.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.