So a little bit about me I am Appy Dave and for the last four months I have not
done much work because I've lived in Philippines, Australia, traveled to
America and come back to where I currently live which is Thailand and
I've not been able to get any videos out until last week when I got a two hour
80 hours to record video monstrosity out. Now on the side I'm also running a
faceless YouTube channel which someone else is managing for me using prompt
engineering, context engineering and various graphic and audio generation
tools and I do get to make the odd AI appearance.

So we just recorded part of the who am I section but let's get into who am I so
two years ago I created the 555 manifesto this was the idea of could I
create five channels and over 55 weeks create 555 videos and that ended up
becoming a Hollywood trailer are forged in the fires of the YouTube
battlefield only the strongest the most persistent the most clickbait driven
warriors will survive. Now coming back to what we're talking about did
I get there no I didn't but what I have done over the last few years is played
around with about seven or eight channels two of them have got two and a
half thousand subs one to 1,500 subs and that's two of them are here it's the
Appy Dave and the AIT LDR but what I also do is apply all my YouTube systems
and tools to my girlfriend couple of my friends and Vos and we're here we're
doing a movie creation studio

Let's save that and keep going.
So the 555 manifesto is basically a bunch of principles
that I'm working to.
But the only way for me to make it happen
is to build a bunch of tools.
So I have this application called
the Storyline Application.
And let's just see if this video pops into place.
So I use the Storyline Application
to create a five minute video.
And in this video, we're seeing character consistency,
scene consistency, and, well, a whole lot of AI
and hard work going into the process.
But the other tool that you've been watching me use
is FlyVideo.
And FlyVideo is where I'm automatically routing
eCAM live videos onto my computer,
transcribing them, using large language models
to generate B-roll images.
We'll probably see B-roll images in this video in a moment.
But then the next step I need to go
is go into digital asset management.
And the digital asset management is more software
that I've created that runs from the command line
that allows me to package this up
and automatically transfer it to my video editor.
He just puts on a little bit of information on top of it
because I've done part of the editing in Gling.
Bring it back, and then we take it through
the Agent Workflow Builder,
which I personally taught about at the beginning of 2024.