So let's go through what this application can do and maybe along the
way fix a few things and I think the first thing we need to fix is that the
last recording that you just saw me doing is 122 megabytes in length and
it's actually got a lot of errors in it. I was pausing, re-recording, pausing,
re-recording and that's not a normal workflow for me. I don't like having to
do that because I really don't like doing video editing. I like to solve the
problems in pre-production, not in post-production and this is where Ecamm
Live has become such a beneficial piece of software. If I want to change my
scenes like to this one, I just go down to the stream deck, I press it, I want to
go back to the scene that we were just looking at. It's really quick, you're
seeing animations, there's absolutely no editing going on in this. But where Ecamm
Live falls down for me is when it records, when it saves a file to the
hard drive it does it as a date time stamp. Now what I really want to do is
put it into a chapter, maybe I'm recording the introduction so that's
chapter one and maybe there's going to be a few parts to the introduction, maybe
there's a scenario, a call to action, a hook, anything like that and I want to
make sure that every time I do a recording not only does the file name
change automatically but it also goes into the correct project. It would be
really good if I could record two different videos at once and quickly
just switch from project to project by going to a button like projects and going
we are now working on this particular video or we're back at this particular
video. And so that's why I created this software. Now the actual requirements
document for building it is nearly two years old but recently I did a video and
you can see a link in the description but recently I did a video and you can
see a link right here but recently I did a video and you can find out more about
that right here and that video is about how I used Opus 4.5 for the first time
to build the initial part of this application that you've been looking at.
