What I love about Vibe coding with Claude code and the Opus 4.5 model is just how
easy it is to come up with some sort of bespoke marketing sort of web page by
bringing together information from a couple of different sources. In this
video we're going to go down to the terminal and we're going to kick off a
Claude code instance and in less than two minutes we're going to have an
interesting website created. So we'll start with a question. What is the
content of this folder? What's going on here? So nothing complex about the prompt
and what it's doing is just reading from the flow video project that I happen to
be in at the moment. Now we'll kick off another prompt while we're doing it and
go what do you know about my brand? I think you'll need to look in the
AppyDave or the AD directory to find out a little bit of information about my
brand. So it's just gotten us some information about the folder we're in
and what is that? We've got main components. There's some sort of
application that I've been building with Claude code and the Opus 4.5 model.
It's called the flow video Neymar and we can see within there there's a bunch of
docs there they've set up into different stages and while that was happening it
also started reading from my computer and was looking around for the AppyDave
directory and what it's found here is a little bit of information about my
brand. It's got some visual design system going on. It's got a bunch of content
pillars that I talk about. It's also got a brand structure. So let's just put in
one other prompt. Now I'm using ito.ai. It's a voice transcription system or a
voice dictation system and I'm going to say can you take the information that
you've collected from both sections and just combine it together in some sort
of machine readable document. Let's go with JSON, JSON and we'll just let that
go and I just noticed that my screen was and I just noticed that the recording
was off the screen so we can see the content pillars here. We can see the
brand structure going on there and what it's going to do is just build up a
little machine readable document by selecting information from both seeing
if they can go together and one of the things you can notice is that this is an
almost continuous video. I do pause it for a couple of seconds but all up this
is going to take us about one to two minutes to do the final video but all up
it's going to take one or two minutes to turn this information into something
truly useful. So we can see that it's starting to build up a data document.
It's called a brand. It's got concepts like my brand name, who I am, my title.
It's got other information around and it's gone and given us a bit of a
summary of everything we have here. So let's now turn it into something
beautiful. Can you turn this into some sort of beautiful HTML structure and
when you do can you tell me the type of structure you plan to do but also give
me three other variants once you're finished and I mean categories so that I
can decide what the next structure should be. So just make that minor
modification because I didn't want it to create three variants of the HTML page.
I only wanted to create one HTML page and when it's finished give me three
other ideas that we could play around with just to see what styling could be
and right now it's starting to write out a little bit of HTML and before it even
finishes I'll start the next prompt and says can you open up that HTML file in a
browser for me. So we'll just let that come through and it should come up with
some sort of open command pointing at that particular file. We could see some
structure and look at that it's just built it. So we'll jump over to the
website see what it's come up with. It says Appydave, my name, AI strategist,
architecting knowledge prompts and AI integrations. We've got some the 555
manifesto which is an idea I have for running five channels 55 weeks with 555
videos and we've got a little bit of information about my brand structure.
The good thing is this is all following the color schemes that I want. We've got
all the content pillars and look at that we've got fly video projects that
I'm working on and we've got the video name a tech stack, we've got our brand
designs coming through here, topography and the legacy scale system. Structure
prompts, crafting workflows, agent design, low code stack and empowerment. This was
how I was going to be framing everything on my YouTube channel that's all changed
a bit. Now the reason I did this video was that 20 minutes ago in another
meeting I did the same thing and this is what it came up with. It's a little bit
different, it's different styling, it says fly video which is an old YouTube
channel of mine. We've got David Crewis, we've got the brands, four stage system.
This is all part of my fly video system which is pre-production then there's the
recording, editing and publishing and at the moment the recording which is the
recording namer application is what I'm actually recording into right now so
this application was vibe coded this week and you can see the videos above
I've got four or five videos I'm building that particular application. So
I just wanted to show this because this was the page that I created for someone
in a meeting real time and I thought I'll try it again and look at that it's
wonderful. How's that a five minute and fifty five full video taken what in one
go. I'm Appy Dave please like and subscribe I'll see you in the next video.
