As a YouTuber the most difficult part of this job is the planning, the recording,
the editing and the publishing. It's never about the content ideas or how we
build the software in my particular case. Now a year and a half ago I designed
some software ideas called FlyVideo to deal with them. How do I do all the
preparation? How do I do the recording which is the area we're looking at today
by the way? How do we do the editing which is done later on and then how do
we do the publishing? So the publishing for me is generally done using software
I've built called the Agent Workflow Builder. It takes care of using large
language models to deal with the publishing workflow like creating blog
posts, that sort of stuff. I also use Agent Workflow Builder
for the pre-production but it's the recording that can be really time
consuming and it's to do with areas like how do I rename and set up all my
projects across different brands? How do I name the files so that they have how
when I record a file how does it get named and how when I name how when I
record a file how does it get named? How does it get moved into the right chapter,
the right segment, the right labeling? How when I record a file how does it get
labeled? How does it get how when I record a file how does it get a proper
chapter heading, a segment number, a label and automatically routed into the video
project or discarded quickly? You might think that this is fairly simple but
it's more complex than you think so the video that you're watching right now is
actually complete I'm just in the middle of doing chapter 2 which is the
scenario and when I'm finished recording this segment it's going to go
between number one the intro and number three the demonstration. Well today we're
going to see how in about 20 minutes Claude Opus was able to create this
entire application I'll just demonstrate a part of it now because
before I did this part of the recording I have a I have a particular file here
that I don't care about anymore so we're just going to click this so we're just
going to click discard and we should see some nice messaging and the file
disappears. So let's get into the demonstration
