Now, I've come over to the product owner conversation and made the statement that FR30 is complete.
We will send some handover documents to let it know that it's done, but can it just add
a couple of capabilities?
So the two that I want is, can we get a transcript button?
And that transcript button should happen somewhere in this column, I think.
We've already got the transcript label, so I'm assuming that's the right place to do
it.
It's a limited instruction, so it may actually end up putting it over here.
I've asked if it can create another button for us for doing chapter transcriptions.
Now, we shouldn't need to do an actual transcription, it should be a case of some sort of button
up here that when we click it, just concatenates all the transcriptions that are there.
But I did have to give it one extra instruction, and that's to let it know that we don't know
the best name for it, so it's going to have to review the documentation.
So at the moment, it's just making some modifications to the FR30 specification.
So it's got into it, it's got some ideas on how it should be written, and then it's just
started writing a whole lot of documentation for it.
And I think this is going to be as easy as just selecting this text.
We'll go over to our developer conversation, and we'll just paste that text, and we'll
just paste the text right in, and it should go and do the development.
Before that's happening, let's go back to our web application and see where we're at.
Look at that, it's finished everything.
Now, we only had about 13 seconds, I believe, in this.
A little bit of things being said, and that was the wrong one, but we can see what it's
got in it.
I think it's this one.
So I just want to do one quick test, and so it starts off, I just want to do one test,
and this is what I said, the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
So this is incredible.
We've got new coding coming in right now that's going to deal with transcribing features.
Now this is incredible.
So we've got new coding going on right now, and that's going to give us access to new
capabilities.
Obviously, when we go to the recordings, we're going to have a button, it looks like we've
already got that button.
I wonder if we should kick it off on something.
We'll do this video because it's relatively small, 16 megabytes.
Let's kick that off, and we'll come back up to our transcripts, and we can see a new one
is running.
What I'm a little concerned about is that we lost the other transcription notes.
I'm not sure if that's because it restarted the application, but we can see everything
that's been transcripted already.
We can see the stuff that's now newly been transcribed.
If I go down to the coding agent, we can see that it's about to implement the button for
the chapter headings, so that hasn't been done right now, and then it happens.
There it is combined.
