G'day Jill and Caleb. I am David and I go by the YouTube handle Appy Dave and
I've decided to just vibe code for you guys a little presentation. I've only had
one quick look through it. This was all generated using information off your
application form and a lot of the knowledge that my AI bots know about me
automatically. So what I do is I teach people about context engineering and AI
mastery. My background is that I'm a technologist and I have played around
with having multiple YouTube channels to test out automation. And this came
through my experiences with Chatch APT coming up with the 555 manifesto which
was could I create 555 videos across five channels in 55 weeks. Never been
able to get there but I do have Appy Dave and AI TLDR. I have an old Appy Dave
coding. I have a movie studio that I'm working with and we're testing out the
ideas of creating videos. Now I vibe code or context engineer applications all the
time. There's four of them. So fly video is a true integration with Ecamm live. I
use it to route every recording I do gets routed directly into a project
directly into a chapter directly into a segment. It's transcribed and the text
issues in large language models to generate the b-roll that you might be
seeing in this video already. Storyline app is similar but it takes a
transcript and turns it into a movie. Dam is a digital asset management tool
that I use to distribute my videos to my team and backwards and agent workflow
builder is how I bring everything together. So for me a normal day is a bit
of planning with my poem platform then after that I'll record with the fly
video or the fly hub in this case and then if I'm trying to create a video
I'll generate instead of using fly video and ultimately will publish. So Ecamm is
sitting in the middle of everything I do and over the last four months I've been
traveling. I went from Thailand to the Philippines for a month for to get a
visa, went to Australia to visit family, USA to visit Voz and the video is part of
the Ecamm community and now I'm back in Thailand. What that means is I haven't
done a video in four months but I'm getting back on the bandwagon with
about 10 at the moment. So what I'm really looking for is a community to be
connected into of content creators who love it. I've been in a couple before and
it's really hard to find groups that stay motivated. I'm always motivated they
don't always stay on the on the horse so to speak. So I'm looking for an
accountability group I can bring technology and passion and I just love
the video creation process and I specifically like my vibe on it which is
towards the content creation community. So I've got a little 30-second animated
video that you can watch about this and lastly I've also included a six-minute
behind the scenes of how I created stuff that I'm talking about.
Anyway I'm Appy Dave, look forward to hearing from you guys.
