G'day, Jill and Caleb. I'm David. I go by the name Appy Dave on YouTube. I do have a
couple of YouTube channels and what I thought I'd do is take you through a little bit of
a presentation that I'm doing as a one-take. I'm kind of following Alec from Take One Text's
do it all in one go sort of approach. So what I put together is a little presentation that's
been vibe coded in one prompt and the reason I've done it that way is because that's what
I do. I'm a context engineer and I educate people on context engineering quite often
in programming but I'm also big in the YouTube automation. This is an area that I love doing
and what I've done behind the scenes is given another six minute video. I'll talk about
that a bit later but essentially I've got a background in tech. I've had many YouTube
channels over the last three years, me just practicing, just trying all sorts of stuff
and my love affair with Ecamm Live happened when I was doing some Camtasia and nearly
three years ago I got onto Ecamm Live by accident, fell in love with it. So for me,
like I said, I had multiple videos because early in the chat, check me T-space, I'd done
this idea, I'd done this research on the 555 manifesto. It was could I, using automation,
create five channels and over a 55 week period create 555 videos and it's a goal, it's an
aspiration maybe that I'm trying to get to. Now behind the scenes I have Abby Dave which
is just sitting around the tour, 2500 subscribers at the moment and I've got the AI TLDR channel
which is a faceless YouTube channel so everything going on there is all AI generated and I'm
also in the middle of building a video or a movie studio with Vozz. Vozz is a member
of the Ecamm community. Now I have an original Abby Dave coding channel which monetized 4000
watch hours, 2500 subscribers in nine days and I never took that anywhere so that's a
dead channel but it's part of my learnings. Then behind the scenes I also have a lot of
applications that I've coded just for the content creation process. So the behind the
scenes video that I have linked for you is generally using fly video and it's a tool
that integrates directly into Ecamm Live and what it does is do all the routing of my individual
recordings and it can do transcriptions, generate images, b-rolls, all that sort of
stuff. Then I've got my Storyline app and this is where I'm doing all my movie generation
sort of stuff. It's an application I've built. This is like vibe coded in a few days. They're
not vastly great applications but they solve problems really well. And then I have my digital
asset management so at the moment I've got some videos in edit for you guys. The way
I'm transferring it to people is through digital asset management and then I publish my videos
using my agent workflow builder. So my normal sort of flow is either to use planning and
orchestration methods with prompt engineering and I'll either record with Ecamm and Fly
Hub or I will generate automatically with the Storyline app and then lastly we do publishing.
After that we've got Ecamm sitting in the middle so this is really the cornerstone of
everything I do. Everything sits around Ecamm for me and for the last four months I haven't
been able to produce any videos so I was made redundant. I went to Thailand, then I went
to the Philippines for a month and I was there to just get a long term visa to Thailand and
then I went to Australia for a month to see family. Then I went to US to hang out with
those for a week and then I got back to Thailand. So for four months I haven't done any video
content. And I will just segue. I've been part of a little group of four or five people
from Brisbane and Sydney Australia. We all met through Video Ranking Academy. I've tried
to get involved with video groups here in Chiang Mai. Nothing available and I'm also
involved with Alec from Take One Tech and his accountability group every Thursday morning.
But what I really want is a group of just video content creators that are really on
the journey and really want to go somewhere with it. So that's what I'm looking for. It's
not so much accountability. I'm really accountable. I'm really focused on what I do. What I want
to do is I want to work with people that go get us and on the journey. Like I said I haven't
even seen this deck popping up in front of me. It was vibrated. So I know you've got
the accountability themes. What do I bring to the group? I bring enthusiasm and vibrancy.
I love this. I live and breathe this. I do 12 hours a day in here. I'm living in the
cheapest place in Thailand so that I can afford to be just a content creator. It's what I
love doing. So my whole thing is about mastering AI agents, context engineering and very specifically
for content creation. So I'm going to put a little video right here. This is a 30 second
video. It'll be faceless YouTube. And yeah I look forward to building together. Was there
anything else? There was all this other stuff that I'd put together for you guys. These
are the three other tools. I have more than this that I use in my content creation process
and you would have seen this if you watched the other video. That's part of the fly. Anyway
that was a take one tech or a take one video. I'm happy Dave. Looking forward to hearing
the assessment of the application. Okay.
