I had a great relationship with MidJourney. We've shared so many wonderful experiences and created countless memories together over the past 12 months.

Just a month ago, I celebrated our anniversary with a renewal commitment, costing me nearly $300.

But two weeks later, they broke up with me, and I feel cheated, betrayed, and dismayed by the lack of communication.

Hi, I’m AppyDave, and in this video,

I’m going to share what happened as a warning to others.

I will look at what I believe is a misdiagnosis that has led to the ban, plus the pain, frustration, and the feeling of being ghosted when dealing with MidJourney support.

Plus, I’ll share my plan to get back in the game with a new partner, and twelve alternatives that will allow me to move forward from this toxic breakup.





https://www.loom.com/share/cca9528aabff47ce8e8882581ed826a8

0:01 I've been using Mid Journey since March 2023. It's a product that I've loved. As much as I loved it, last year when Dali 3 came out and I did a video with 200 images showing 50 different comparison prompts.
0:20 Between Dali 3 and Mid Journey, I started to use it a lot less. Now about a month ago, I was doing a presentation at a tech summit and I decided to pay for or a year's supply of mid-June.
0:41 And I did it at the basic plan. And then a week later, I'd used up all my credits. So I ended up upgrading to the standard plan for one year.
0:52 It cost me $288. And for a few weeks, I've been using it quite actively to build graphics for my presentations and my YouTube videos.
1:12 But last week, a couple of things happened. I moved to another country and it's the second time this year I've gone to Australia.
1:22 And I got this creation failed issue and I thought, okay, well what's going on here? And when I went into Discord, I got this error saying, you have, you have a pending, you You have been blocked.
1:40 from mid-journey to, due to accessing our services via automation, scripting, or third-party tools. BAN ID, and there's this BAN ID, and I'm going, okay, well what's going on here?
1:53 So the first thing I did was, I just started googling about BANs, and we got this one here. Mid-journey is getting ridiculous with prompts that they're banning, agree or disagree, and then this, this uh discussion was taken down, and then we've got one here that someone's calling them a thief, uh they
2:14 , they stole $60 subscription, they won't even refund, and it's some sort of banned, and there's no reason given, which is part of the challenge that I'm dealing with, and then I looked a bit further, it says, I was wrongfully banned without explanation, and they've said, I'm shocked I've been a member
2:35 since the early days, which is a situation that I find myself in as well. I have not created any NSWF images, and rarely get prompt warnings, again, these are things that I deal with, and it's been banned through something to do with Discord.
2:57 Now I don't know whether these guys actually got an NSWF. But basically they went through a horrible support request. And then the last one, which is the one that kind of tipped me off in the direction that might be an issue.
3:10 Someone's talking about IP and email ban from Discord. And so you've got all these different issues going on on uh mid-journey at the moment.
3:22 But so I decided well let's just send an email to support and find out what's going on. So I've just sent this message.
3:29 I've signed into mid-journey. I have checked my images. There is nothing that meets the criteria of fraud or other issues, which makes sense.
3:38 The images I do are for YouTube. So I can't do anything that would jeopardize my YouTube account. I'm a YouTube influencer who uses your services to create YouTube videos and right now I can't create any images.
3:52 I've just sent that message. And I haven't gotten any actual information back from other than thanks for writing back. As explained previously, we're unable to provide any uh actually that's not the first one.
4:05 I get this email from him says, thanks for reaching out. Your account has been banned by Midjourney Bansecure for several reasons including severe or repeated violations of terms and uh community guidelines, automation, Midjourney APIs, engaging with engaging in reselling of Midjourney services or accounts
4:27 , fraudulent billing, sharing accounts, or compromised accounts. Now I definitely don't do this one. I know how to do this one.
4:38 I'm a computer programmer but this is not my one I I use. I just use it. It's just easier to use it from the command line from the actual tool.
4:47 Uh engaging in reselling. I don't resell my accounts. Fraudulent billing. I'm not doing that sort of stuff though. I'm gonna explain that I got banned for life.
5:00 I got a big American e-commerce platform last year because I opened up an account while I was in Thailand and it took me four and while I was banned for life, I was able to dispute it but it took four months for that to be undone.
5:17 So, I that got me thinking. I wonder if this is the issue and then. And there's account sharing or compromised uhm accounts.
5:23 So, that's not an issue for me either. So, so I sent them back an email. I said, so I don't have not done any of these things.
5:32 You can see from my usage that I've not done any of those and I have also mentioned that I travel a lot.
5:38 So, when you travel a lot, when your IP changes. So, I live in Brisbane and Thailand and I travel to Sydney and Philippines.
5:50 And so, I suspect that my issue is an IP violation. So, I've sent that message to them and what they've done is come back with a thanks for writing.
6:01 As explained previously, we're unable to provide any additional information about your band. Band users are not eligible for a refund regardless of the subscription plan.
6:12 So, only two weeks earlier, I'd spent 300 US dollars for a year ah subscription. And this is something that I've been using and it's well it's not my primary image generation tool.
6:25 I I generally prefer to use Dali 3. I have done a lot of work with it. So, and then they've said, neither of these decisions will be reviewed for further and regrettably, we are unable to respond.
6:38 So, this is just shite tech. Customer service and I don't really have any recourse. So, I'm doing this video to let people know that you if you're gonna use me, Jenny, it's a great product.
6:52 I won't won't dispute that. But I don't think you should go for a year's supply. It's like Jesus. It's just pay month to month cuz these guys can screw you over really quickly and they don't have they don't have any mechanisms in place to deal with it.
7:08 So, to finish this video off, what I what I thought I'd do is go and look at a bunch of competing products and this is what I'm going to explore over the next couple of months.
7:19 So, these are the ones that could be good and you might have noticed that a lot of the graphics that have been in this video so far were done by those particular products.
7:29 So, I'll highlight those graphics as we go.
